
Bio: Andrew Miller is a Utah-based adventure photographer mainly focusing on documenting some of the best snowboarders all over the globe. From foot-powered expeditions with Jeremy Jones at 20,000 feet in Nepal to snowmobiling in Jackson Hole with Travis Rice, Andrew has been there creating his work and quickly establishing himself as one of the most well rounded photographers in the snow industry. He currently sits as senior staff photographer at Transworld Snowboarding Magazine.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/andrewmiller



Bio: Jimmy Chin is an Academy Award winning filmmaker, National Geographic photographer and mountain sports athlete known for his ability to capture extraordinary imagery and stories while climbing and skiing in extremely high-risk environments and expeditions. His 2015 film Meru won the coveted Audience Award at the Sundance Film Festival and was on the 2016 Oscar shortlist for Best Documentary. Jimmy’s latest documentary Free Solo won a BAFTA and an Academy Award for best Documentary Feature in 2019. Jimmy’s photos have appeared on the cover of National Geographic and The New York Times Magazine, among others, and he has directed commercial film projects for a diverse range of clients that includes Apple, Chase, Pirelli, Red Bull, The North Face, and RSA Films.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/jimmychin



Bio: Maui native Ian Walsh has been tackling massive waves around the world since he was a teenager and his longevity and experience in the water shines through, whether he's in an elite contest, surfing for the cameras, or purely riding for himself. He's one of the most passionate and dedicated big wave surfers, and he's willing to go to the ends of the earth to find the perfect wave.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/ianwalsh



Bio: Sasha DiGiulian is a professional climber. She is a World Champion, undefeated Pan-American Champion, and three-time US National Champion. DiGiulian is the first North American woman and third woman ever to climb the grade 9a, 5.14d, recognized as one of the hardest sport climbs achieved by a female. In addition to climbing, DiGiulian has a column with Outside Magazine and has been a published writer by other publications, including National Geographic, Rock and Ice, SELF, Seventeen, and CRAVE.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/sashadigiulian



Bio: Chris Burkard is an American self-taught photographer and artist based in Central Coast California. Chris’ work is layered by surf, outdoor, lifestyle and travel subjects. At the age of 33, Burkard has established himself as a known name in the surf and outdoor industries. He currently serves as Senior Staff Photographer for Surfer Magazine, and has been recognized continually for his distinct creative compositions, including winning the overall Red Bull Illume Image Quest.
Link: /creator/chrisburkard



Bio: Widely considered to be the greatest snowboarder of all time, Travis Rice has gone from winning X Games gold medals to raising the bar on snowboard filmmaking through his production company, Brain Farm Digital Cinema. In Fall 2016, Travis released his project The Fourth Phase. The film is a sequel to The Art of Flight, the 2011 global home entertainment hit, which is arguably the most successful action sports film ever.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/travisrice



Bio: One of the world’s best-known and accomplished climbers, Conrad Anker is a true climber’s climber, equally at home on a Himalayan alpine wall or on the sparkling ice of his home canyons in Montana. Along with Jimmy Chin and Renan Ozturk, Conrad was on the first team to climb the Shark’s Fin on Mount Meru, an expedition that was documented in the film Meru. Conrad is captain of The North Face Athlete Team, author of several books and an active environmental advocate through his work with Protect Our Winters (POW).
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/conradanker



Bio: Nicknamed the Queen of Pain, Rebecca Rusch is regarded as one of the greatest endurance athletes, with a professional career that has included thirteen sports and seven world championships spanning over three decades. Beyond the start line, Rusch is the best selling author of Rusch to Glory, event producer for Rebecca’s Private Idaho, and raised over $100,000 for bike-related charities through her adventures and events. Emmy-winning Blood Road, a Red Bull Media House film, follows Rusch through 1,200 miles of the Ho Chi Minh trail in search of the crash site that claimed the life of her father during the Vietnam War. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/rebeccarusch



Bio: Paul Nicklen lives a life of art, purpose and adventure, combining a career as an assignment photographer for National Geographic Magazine and founder of his own conservation society, SeaLegacy. Paul is one of the world's most acclaimed nature photographers, as well as a renowned polar specialist, speaker, author, conservationist, and National Geographic Fellow. He has garnered more than 30 of the highest awards given to any photographer in his field, including the BBC Wildlife Photographer of the year and the prestigious World Press Photo for photojournalism. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/paulnicklen



Bio: Born and raised in the Northwest, Hilaree began skiing at age 3 at Stevens Pass in the Cascade Mountains of Washington State. Hilaree is the first woman to climb two 8,000m peaks in 24 hours (Everest and Lhotse). She’s also skied from the Himalayan summit of Cho Oyu in Tibet and climbed and skied several high peaks in Bolivia and Argentina. Elsewhere, Hilaree has cut turns on remote volcanoes in the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia, Mongolia, Pakistan, Lebanon, as well as many first descents in the tight couloirs of Baffin Island.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/hilareenelson



Bio: Whether he’s strumming his guitar, banging on a bongo or riding his snowboard, Danny Davis displays an almost effortless ability to find rhythm. His path in snowboarding has been highlighted by incredible competitive success, including two X Games gold medals and an Olympic appearance in 2014, balanced by a principled approach to keeping things cool. By focusing on fun, friends, and new experiences, Danny has surpassed his role as an agent of halfpipe progression to become one of the most influential and celebrated riders of the modern era. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/dannydavis



Bio: Jeremy Jones is a professional snowboarder, an award-winning filmmaker, an entrepreneur, and environmentalist known for big mountain freeriding. He is the founder of his own freeride-oriented snowboard brand, Jones Snowboard and in 2007, Jeremy founded Protect Our Winters, a global cause uniting the winter sports community against climate change. Jeremy has appeared frequently in worldwide media including 60 Minutes Sports, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Outside Magazine and TV, Men's Journal, ESPN,  and National Geographic.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jeremyjones



Bio: Chase Jarvis is an award-winning American photographer, director, fine artist, and entrepreneur. His 2009 iPhone app, Best Camera, completely reshaped the photo-app paradigm, as it was the first app that allowed users to share photos to social media from within the app. He is the founder and CEO of CreativeLive.com, one of the world’s fastest-growing online education companies.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/chasejarvis



Bio: Mike Horn is perhaps the world’s greatest modern day explorer. From swimming the Amazon River solo and unsupported to an unmotorized circumnavigation of the globe at the equator, Mike’s list of accomplishments as a solo explorer is unparalleled. In two decades, he has seen more of the Earth than possibly any other human.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/mikehorn



Bio: Kelly Starrett is a coach, physical therapist, author, speaker, and the creator of Mobility WOD, which has revolutionized how athletes think about human movement and athletic performance. A New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestselling author of 2 books, while his third book Deskbound revolutionized how people think about sitting in their workspace.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/kellystarrett



Bio: Descending from a family of surf legends, Coco Ho is a professional surfer from Hawaii. When she qualified for the World Surf League Women’s World Tour at age 17, she was the youngest woman to ever qualify, and she finished her rookie year ranked No. 4. Coco has repeatedly been voted as a top fan favorite in Surfer Magazine’s Surfer Poll.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/cocoho



Bio: For over a decade, Andy Mann has been a forerunner in the world of adventure film and conservation photography. He is an experienced climber, diver, and arctic explorer whose imagery is helping tell the story of our rapidly changing planet, documenting expeditions on all 7 continents for National Geographic Magazine, Sea Legacy, National Geographic’s Pristine Seas, Wildlife Conservation Society and more. Andy is the co-founder and director at 3 Strings Productions and works with clients such as Red Bull, Toyota, The North Face, and a founding member of the Sea Legacy Collective with Paul Nicklen and Cristina Mittermeier. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/andymann



Bio: When Vasu was only nine months old, he was diagnosed with septicemia, resulting in the amputation of one of his legs. Since then, Vasu has not looked back; with the help of his parents, brother, and friends, Vasu has built up the confidence needed to face new challenges with grace, courage, strength, humor, and unwavering determination.
Link: /vasu



Bio: Michael Muller is an award-winning celebrity and advertising photographer and director whose work has appeared in countless campaigns and major publications. He is also one of the top key-art photographers in the business, with credits ranging from Sons of Anarchy to all the Iron Man movies, Spider-Man, The Avengers, Spring Breakers, the X-Men movies, and Captain America: Winter Soldier.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/michaelmuller



Bio: Nathan Fluellen is a Telly Award-winning TV host and executive producer. His adventure travel TV show World Wide Nate: African Adventures broadcasts throughout the United States, Africa, and the Middle East. The Chicago native is a thrill-seeker with a magnetic personality and penchant for pushing himself outside of his comfort zone.
Link: /nathan-fluellen



Bio: Kit DesLauriers is a professional ski mountaineer and public speaker who was the first person to ski from the highest mountain on each continent, aka the Seven Summits and and went on to be a two time World Freeskiing Women’s Champion. Kit has been a member of The North Face Global Athlete Team since 2005 and has led expeditions around the world including to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in the Brooks Range of Alaska.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/kitdeslauriers



Bio: Caroline Gleich is a professional ski mountaineer and adventurer based in Salt Lake City, UT. She’s been featured in Warren Miller films, on the cover of Powder, Backcountry and Ski, and in the pages of Fitness, Outside, and Men’s Journal. Caroline works with nonprofits such as Protect Our Winters, HEAL Utah, Tree Utah, and Adventurers and Scientists for Conservation.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/carolinegleich



Bio: Karl Shakur is an adventure photographer and visual artist, specializing in travel, lifestyle and aerial photography. Fueled by an innate passion for adventure, he has traveled across the globe with a camera in tow, capturing the beauty of the natural world.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/karlshakur



Bio: Ever since she was a kid, photography has been Brooke’s greatest fascination. Based on O’ahu, her work is marked by an authentic point of view: living out her surf/beach lifestyle on the North Shore with people who are doing the same. Travel is an important part of Brooke’s photographic journey, working for resorts and brands around the world and offering her lens to bridge the gap from her island to theirs. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/brookedombroski



Bio: Cedar Wright is an accomplished Adventure Rock Climber, Paragliding Pilot, and Award winning Filmmaker.  Cedar got his start as a Yosemite "dirtbag" while working for Yosemite Search and Rescue.  During this time he set speed records and established 5.13 first ascents in Yosemite.  He is a long time member of The North Face climbing team, a National Geographic Explorer and has established Big rock first ascents on all 7 continents.  He is known for his sense of humor, frenetic energy, funny walk, and stunning good looks. 
Link: /cedar-wright



Bio: Sierra Quitiquit is a professional freeskier, model, filmmaker and environmentalist. She has starred in numerous films and has modeled in campaigns for companies such as American Eagle, Lululemon and Ralph Lauren. She is an ambassador for Protect Our Winters and continues to use her voice to empower individuals to get involved.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/sierraquitiquit



Bio: Alex Strohl is a Madrid born, French photographer whose work is characterized by his extraordinary travels. Strohl's photography has been featured in prestigious publications such as Forbes, Vanity Fair, and Gentleman's Journal; his client lists includes dozens of household names. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/alexstrohl



Bio: Sofia Jaramillo is an outdoor commercial photographer based in Jackson, Wyoming. Her background is in photojournalism. She believes in the power of storytelling and with this approach has photographed ad campaigns for some of the top outdoor brands. When she’s not working on photos, she’s skiing or climbing in the Tetons.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/sofiajaramillo



Bio: Andy Best lives a nomadic lifestyle out of his camper, using it as a mobile basecamp for chasing high peaks and delving deep into the backcountry. He has an incredible talent for capturing moments that evoke emotion. Andy is a regular contributor to National Geographic Adventure, ROAM, and his production company, Lone Bison Films.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/andybest



Bio: Elliot Ross is a Colorado-bred, Brooklyn based photographer with a deep penchant for remote places. His quest to find relevant and engaging stories has taken Elliot to over forty countries in the last decade and has been shared in the pages of National Geographic Magazine, The Guardian, Vice, and The Atlantic. Elliot applies the same storytelling voice to commercial clients - among them Carhartt and Filson - to create campaigns grounded in authenticity and backed by narrative.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/elliotross



Bio: Callum Snape is an adventure and travel freelance photographer from Banff, Alberta. His work is a reflection of his passions and is layered with landscapes, lifestyle, adventure, sports and the personalities that find meaning from the same sources. Callum specializes in displaying the natural landscape in a unique way, and photographing remote locations, capturing the spirit of adventure.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/callumsnape



Bio: Colleen Quigley has established herself as a world-class steeplechase and mile runner. She has quickly risen to the top of her events, walking away from numerous events with medals and awards. In 2016, Colleen represented US in the Olympics where she showcased her power and endurance. Colleen had a short career in modeling as well, but claims that she is “a runner first, then a model.”
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/colleenquigley



Bio: Angel Collinson is regarded as one of the best skiers in the world, winning the overall title on the Freeskiing World Tour her rookie and second year on tour before transitioning into filming. She is the first woman to have been nominated or win "Best Line" at the Powder Awards. Angel is an advocate for the environment, working with organizations like Protect Our Winters to use her voice and passion for the outdoors to inspire others to get outside and enjoy mother nature.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/angelcollinson



Bio: Renan Ozturk is an accomplished expedition athlete and storyteller with a unique combination of climbing, art, filmmaking and photography.  His cinematography in the documentary Meru won audience choice award at Sundance Film Festival and was shortlisted for an Academy Award. He currently works as a commercial and documentary filmmaker, an expedition climber for The North Face, and a photojournalist for Sony and National Geographic. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/renanozturk



Bio: Beth Rodden has been one of the most prominent climbers in the world for two decades. With notable first ascent sport climbs and traditional climbs, she's established herself as one of the most well-rounded climbers out there. Her past few years have had less energy spent on hard climbing and more energy on her young son, Theo.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/bethrodden



Bio: In 2011, Keith Ladzinski began working as a director and director of photography and has made films, advertising and television content on all 7 continents for National Geographic TV, Discovery, Oprah, Nikon, Dell, Adidas, The Weather Channel, and Red Bull TV.  His work primarily focuses on natural history, climate change, extreme sports, and advertising, sending him to the furthest reaches of the 7 continents.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/keithladzinski



Bio: Anton Krupicka is well recognized as a mountain ultrarunner, with several high-profile race wins and course records in his past. Recently, however, he has become interested in a more diverse set of human-powered mountain adventures, using his endurance background to often combine running, biking, and skiing with climbing to access remote objectives and facilitate long link-ups.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/antonkrupicka



Bio: Cody Townsend is one of today’s premier big-mountain skiers. He has been featured in countless magazine features and nearly 20 ski films, which have earned him numerous awards. He gained national recognition after an Alaskan descent that some have called “the most insane ski line ever.” In addition to his work as a professional athlete, Cody is the founder of Arcade Belts.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/codytownsend



Bio: Steph’s resume of climbing achievements spans 25 years. She has established first ascents around the world of difficult rock climbs and high altitude mountains from Yosemite to the Karakorum. She is one of just a few people in the world, and the only woman, combining free solo climbing with base jumping. She owns and operates Climb2Fly Productions in Moab, Utah, a climbing and base jumping stunt company.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/stephdavis



Bio: A self-taught photographer, filmmaker, writer, and public speaker, Pete McBride has traveled on assignment to over 75 countries for the National Geographic Society, Smithsonian, Outside, Esquire, Microsoft, The Nature Conservancy and many more. McBride produced a book called Colorado River Flowing Through Conflict in 2010, three award-winning short documentaries and hosted a PBS TV program on the Colorado River. Over the course of a year, McBride hiked the entire length of Grand Canyon National Park – over 700 miles without a trail and has since released a feature-length documentary titled Into the Grand Canyon. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/petemcbride



Bio: Nick Onken is a photographer, podcast host, and creative entrepreneur. A former graphic designer hailing from the soggy city of Seattle, now residing in the concrete jungle of New York, Nick has photographed personalities such as Justin Bieber, Usher, and Jessica Alba. He has photographed print campaigns for international brands such as Nike, Coca Cola and Adidas. He photographs for the charity, Pencils of Promise as he believes that education is the root problem solver of our world.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/nickonken



Bio: Kalen Thorien is a professional skier and adventurer based out of Salt Lake City, UT. Kalen has earned media coverage from outlets including ESPN, National Geographic, Powder, and Outside.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/kalenthorien



Bio: Ben grew up in the south of France where the waves are small. Coached by his older brothers, he quickly fell in love with surfing. At 22, he decided to move to Tahiti, making Teahupo’o’s famous wave his backyard and his favorite place to shoot. In recent years, Ben has become one of the leading photographers based in the tropical paradise called French Polynesia. He now dedicates his time shooting Waves and Ocean images that are displayed in art galleries and recently released his first solo book "SURFACE". 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/benthouard



Bio: Jeff is as tough as they come. Born and raised on the southern coast of Maine, he lost his dominant arm in an accident on an Alaskan fishing trawler. With self-designed prosthetics, his connection to the ocean has only grown – he surfs, dives, bodysurfs and competes in long-distance paddleboard races.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jeffdenholm



Bio: Paige Claassen holds an impressive list of sport climbing accomplishments around the world, from first ascents in South Africa to 5.14d ascents in the United States. She typically chooses iconic lines that represent benchmarks in the sport and are rarely repeated due to their difficulty and the level of technical skill they require. Routes like Just Do It (5.14c) in Smith Rock, Oregon and Necessary Evil (5.14c) in Arizona’s Virgin River Gorge have defined the sport’s history as test piece achievements. While she prefers these “old-school classics”, Paige has also proven herself on a new wave of recently developed routes, such as Shadowboxing (5.14d) in Rifle, Colorado and Algorithm(5.14c/d) in The Fins, Idaho.
Link: /paige-claassen



Bio: Rafael has always been active in the outdoors but didn’t actually begin to snowboard until he was 17. Now 25, he spends nearly every month chasing snow and adventure in both hemispheres. Rafael splits his time between Chile and the United States, where he just completed his degree in Environmental Sciences & Geography at the University of Colorado. He has a passion for finding the most remote and convoluted peaks to go climb and snowboard, leading many expeditions throughout the world in mid winter. 
Link: /rafael-pease



Bio: Chris Davenport is a two-time World Champion skier who is widely regarded as one of the most accomplished skiers and mountaineers. Chris is also an author, TV commentator and World Cup ski racing announcer, and professional speaker. He has skied numerous first descents of peaks around the globe and became the first person to ski all 54 of Colorado’s 14,000-foot peaks in less than one year. In 2015, Chris was inducted U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/chrisdavenport



Bio: Eley is an Atlanta based commercial photographer and visual artist, specializing in portraiture, lifestyle, and entertainment photography. Inspired by an innate passion for connecting to others and investigating subcultures, she has traveled across the globe with a camera on her hip depicting the magnificence that exists in everyone’s lives. 
Link: /eley



Bio: Carter Andrews is not into fishing for recreation, money, fame or records. He is the victim of an all-consuming obsession---one that has him on the water 300 days a year, from Panama to the Snake River; the Louisiana Gulf Coast to Russia. The power of his obsession is strong enough to reverberate through incredible television stories and even social media, where fans can participate with him. Watch The Obsession of Carter Andrews, and see for yourself how driven one man can be.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/carterandrews



Bio: We couldn't find the page you were looking for. This is either because:
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/michellesmith



Bio: Fernanda, a Brazilian now living in Chamonix, French Alps, is an ultra runner with an ardent love for nature. At age 23, she ran numerous international expeditions: non-stop 600 kilometers, multi-sport, triathlon, and mountain marathons. She was the first woman in the world able to run up and down the highest mountain of America, the Aconcagua (22.837ft) and holds the World record Up and Down Kilimanjaro in 10h06min.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/fernandamaciel



Bio: Hawaii-based photographer Daniel Russo has worked with some of the greatest adventurers, surfers and watermen in the world, documenting everything from first descents of never-surfed waves to some of the greatest swells to break across the Pacific Ocean. He’s the first photographer to be featured on the cover of Surfer, Surfing, and Transworld Surf in the same month.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/danielrusso



Bio: Rachel Pohl is an artist, adventurer, humanitarian, and environmentalist. She believes in fiercely pursuing a life outdoors, which is seen by some as perilous and improbably optimistic. Her detailed and meticulous paintings are a reflection of every day determination and her belief that we should help our planet and treat our bodies well.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/rachelpohl



Bio: Kohl Christensen is one of the leading players in the revival of paddle-in surfing in giant conditions. He spends much of his time tracking swells and testing new board designs, and when it’s flat, he installs solar energy systems and tends his off-the-grid farm on the North Shore of O’ahu.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/kohlchristensen



Bio: Jim Morrison is a professional skier and mountaineer. No stranger to the worlds tallest peaks, in 2018, Jim and TNF teammate Hilaree Nelson became the first people to ski down Lhotse, the fourth tallest peak in the world.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/jimmorrison



Bio: Erin Cafaro MacKenzie is a two-time Olympic Gold Medalist in rowing (USA W8+) from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games. She podiumed at every World Championship rowing competition she ever competed in, accruing a total of six World Championship Gold Medals and two Bronze Medals, helping to break the stereotype of the sport only being for big and tall athletes.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/erincafaromackenzie



Bio: Born in Switzerland to Indian parents, Z experienced climbing and skiing in the Alps at an early age and never looked back. Based in Jackson Hole, he is a renowned mountain guide passionate about helping people realize their dreams, from new climbers to legends. Z is the founder of Samsara Mountain Training, a digital platform for athletes in search of elite physical performance.
Link: /zahan-billimoria



Bio: Will Gadd is a prominent Canadian ice climber and paraglider pilot. In addition to being an athlete, speaker and guide, Gadd has held the paragliding world distance record and was the first person to ice climb Niagara Falls.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/willgadd



Bio: Emery Barnes is a Global Brand Marketer and Photographer. At 25, he’s travelled domestically and internationally to present, manage and produce global, award-winning campaigns for brands such as Samsung, Coca-Cola, P&G and United Airlines. A first-generation African-American and Chicago Native, with an untiring passion to seed culture into brands—through music, sports and art. 
Link: /emery-barnes



Bio: Brianna Madia is a storyteller and van-dweller who can typically be found in the desert with her husband and two dogs in tow. Her van life makes it easy for her to enjoy the things she loves including rock climbing, backpacking, kayaking, and canyoneering. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/briannamadia



Bio: Joey Schusler is a professional adventure athlete,mountain biker, photographer, and award-winning filmmaker who has been a passionate member of the outdoor industry for more than a decade. He was named one of Outside Magazines “30 under 30” of young people making big strides in the outdoor industry. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/joeyschusler



Bio: Clare is a professional trail and ultrarunner and proud Patagonia ambassador. Her ultrarunning career highlights include winning the Leadville 100 and CCC 101k in Chamonix, France. She’s also a passionate environmentalist: her wins mean nothing unless we take protecting our Earth seriously. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/claregallagher



Bio: Brought up surfing in Southern California and now based in Utah, Forrest is at the forefront of self-powered backcountry freeriding. When he’s not shredding steep white walls for films like Deeper and Further, he works to raise climate change awareness in the snowboard community.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/forrestshearer



Bio: Abi Carver specializes in designing yoga routines for action sports athletes looking to get in great shape, gain an edge in competition and master razor-sharp mental focus. Born, raised and trained in the UK, she teaches in person and online, all over the world. Abi has launched Yoga 15 to help athletes integrate a simple, skills-based method of yoga into their training programs.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/abicarver



Bio: Scott Rinckenberger is a Seattle-based fine art, landscape and adventure photographer. He seamlessly segued a professional ski career into a successful photography business built on his love of adventure and exploration. Scott’s work has been featured in art exhibitions worldwide.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/scottrinckenberger



Bio: Ron Griswell is a North Carolina-bred outdoor and adventure enthusiast exploring the intersectionality of blackness and the outdoors.
Link: /ronald-griswell



Bio: Alex Yoder is a professional snowboarder, film maker, environmental/ health advocate, writer and traveler based in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. He has been snowboarding professionally for six years and continues to stand out in the industry for his unique approach to the profession and sport. He has traded in massive jumps and technical trickery for a subtler approach focused on finding the cleanest line down the mountain and mastering the simpler aspects of riding the board. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/alexyoder



Bio: Dirk Collins is a veteran filmmaker and entrepreneur.  Known creatively for his work as a Producer, Director, DP and Photographer, Dirk’s ability to shift from adventurer to businessman has lead to endeavors far beyond filmmaking and into the worlds of brand marketing, content strategy and business development. With a background in action sports, he co-founded Teton Gravity Research and has worked with many of the world’s most accomplished and well known outdoor athletes and brands.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/dirkcollins



Bio: Andrew Miller is a Utah-based adventure photographer mainly focusing on documenting some of the best snowboarders all over the globe. From foot-powered expeditions with Jeremy Jones at 20,000 feet in Nepal to snowmobiling in Jackson Hole with Travis Rice, Andrew has been there creating his work and quickly establishing himself as one of the most well rounded photographers in the snow industry. He currently sits as senior staff photographer at Transworld Snowboarding Magazine.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/andrewmiller



Bio: Sonnie Trotter is one of the world’s most accomplished rock climbers. He enjoys mixing up all styles of climbing, and he’s known for his strength in many rock climbing disciplines, contributing to hundreds of first ascents around the world.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/sonnietrotter



Bio: Courtney is an ultra marathon runner living in Golden, Colorado with a preference for the races that are really, really long. She was the overall winner of the Moab 240 Mile Endurance Run in 2017, ran 279 miles at Big Backyard Ultra in 2018, was first female at Ultra Trail Mont Blanc 100 mile in 2019, and has competed in many ultra marathons around the world. Her curiosity for what the human body and brain are capable of is what keeps her heading out the door every day to train.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/courtneydauwalter



Bio: Brian MacKenzie is a human performance and movement specialist. He is the innovator of the endurance, strength and conditioning paradigm and founded and created Power Speed Endurance (PSE), formerly CrossFit Endurance. He has also co-authored two books: Power Speed Endurance and The New York Times bestseller UnBreakable Runner.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/brianmackenzie



Bio: Grayson Schaffer is an award-winning writer and multimedia broadcast journalist who has spent the past decade at Outside Magazine, where he’s a senior editor and staff writer. Schaffer has reported from six continents, and his videography and photography have appeared on mainstream news. Grayson’s videography and photography have appeared on numerous channels including CNN, CBS, ABC, Fox News, the BBC, and NPR.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/graysonschaffer



Bio: Born in Austria, raised in Idaho, Griffin Post has spent the better part of the last decade traveling the world in search of mountains to ski and write about. Appearing in the past nine films by Teton Gravity Research and several films by Warren MIller, the two-time U.S. Extreme Freeskiing Champion has made significant descents from the Tetons to the Arctic Circle, earning accolades from ESPN and Powder Magazine along the way.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/griffinpost



Bio: Bo Bridges is a professional sport and lifestyle photographer. His recent work ranges from the cover of Surfer Magazine to shooting Tom Cruise dangling from an aircraft to capture the movie poster for Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation. Bo's ability to capture top-level action and true human emotion with such unique perspective and detail has earned him a spot among the world’s top photographers.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/bobridges



Bio: Noah Wallace is a professional skier from Spokane, WA. He’s currently a top competitor on the skiing slopestyle world tour. With accomplishments to his name such as 3rd Place from the FIS World Championships in Austria, along with multiple X Games Appearances. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/noahwallace



Bio: Whistler, BC based action sports photographer Scott Serfas is known for shooting snowboarding, skateboarding, surfing and bike photography. He’s a Senior Photographer at Transworld SNOWboarding Magazine. An influential figure in the action sports world, Scott has had thousands of photos published worldwide, including more than 80 magazine covers.He has recently shifted some focus towards commercial photography, working for clients such as Red Bull, LuluLuemon, and Whistler-Blackcomb.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/scottserfas



Bio: Christian Pondella is an adventure sports photographer specializing in mountain sports. As an avid participant in a lot of the sports he photographs, he tries to capture an image through the athlete’s perspective giving people an intimate view of the cutting edge of adventure sports. He is a senior photographer for Powder Magazine, a Lululemon Elite Ambassador, Fstop Global Pro and SanDisk Extreme Team member.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/christianpondella



Bio: Brody Leven is a professional skier who ironically prefers climbing up mountains to skiing down them. He travels the world, returning with elevated stories to inspire others to tackle difficult challenges. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/brodyleven



Bio: Shawn Corrigan lives to capture the thrill and excitement of life. With a passion for all things visual, Shawn is a photographer, documentarian, and filmmaker who loves the experimental and pushing the envelope whenever possible. Over the course of his career, Shawn’s collaborators have included Alex Honnold and Jimmy Chin, and has worked on projects with Nickelodeon, Jeep, and GQ.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/shawncorrigan



Bio: Erik Hecht is a Seattle-based cameraman, photographer and video editor. Erik has shot on nearly every continent, and his clients include Nike, Hewlett Packard, Starbucks, Target, Microsoft and Nikon.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/erikhecht



Bio: Greg Von Doersten is one of the preeminent adventure photographers in the world today recognized as a leader in the action sports, adventure and travel photography fields. Based in Jackson, Wyoming with the outdoors as his primary canvas, Greg has moved through myriad environments to capture iconic images and motion frames from around the world.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/gregvondoersten



Bio: Nick Kalisz’ unique ability to travel quickly, efficiently and safely in high alpine terrain has led him to film major motion pictures, sports documentaries, commercials and television series from the Austrian Alps and high Himalayas of Nepal to remote ranges in Alaska and Mt. Kilimanjaro. Nick has a passion for operating premier production gear, managing media, and running equipment on solar in some of the most remote and harsh backcountry locations in the world.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/nickkalisz



Bio: Energy and attitude have propelled professional mountain biker Sonya Looney across the rugged Himalayas, over the sweltering sand dunes of the Sahara, and through the clammy jungles of Sri Lanka. Sonya is a World Champion endurance mountain biker, a TEDx keynote motivational speaker, writer, and an active adventure traveler.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/sonyalooney



Bio: Mike Seehagel is a commercial and lifestyle photographer based in Vancouver, Canada, and the United States. He also works in motion design and filmmaking. He is a co-founder of the Great North Collective, a worldwide photography community dedicated to promoting artists and inspiring people who enjoy photography to travel.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/mikeseehagel



Bio: Utah-based photographer and filmmaker Adam Clark has been chasing some of the best athletes and locations around the world with camera in hand for over 18 years. Adam's passion for the outdoors, adventure and beautiful imagery has put him at the top of the list for many magazines and companies around the world.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/adamclark



Bio: Carl Zoch is an adventure and lifestyle photographer based in Aspen, Colorado. Throughout a decade of storytelling, he has honed in on his ultimate passion — documenting where people, place and the enjoyment of life collide. He also has an infinite love for diverse cultures, mountain sports and burritos.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/carlzoch



Bio: Chris Figenshau is known for his decades-long career as an expedition and high angle shooter. As a cinematographer, he has documented Jeremy Jones’ climb and descent of the Shangri La spine wall in Nepal - the highest ever ridden - and he has covered the mountaineering pursuits of Jimmy Chin, Conrad Anker and Renan Ozturk for the award-winning documentary film Meru. As a still photographer, Figenshau has been contracted by brands such as The North Face, Patagonia and Eddie Bauer, and publications including Powder, Outside and National Geographic.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/chrisfigenshau



Bio: As a former Olympic and national team rower, Cam’s work ethic runs deep. Since retiring from sport, his passion has shifted to cinematography. His ability to document captivating stories of adventure and adversity have brought him to the furthest reaches of the globe, while working with some of the most iconic individuals in the outdoor industry.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/cameronsylvester



Bio: Danish photographer Jesper Grønnemark specializes in commercial sports photography. He has shot Danish Champions, European Champions, World Champions and Olympic medalists all over the world for the past 10 years. Jesper’s clients include some of the largest sports brands in the world. With his talent, hard work and a huge passion for sports, Jesper’s vision pushes the boundaries in sports photography.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jespergronnemark



Bio: Kjell Redal is an avid drone pilot, cinematographer, adventurer, skier, fly-fisherman, and photojournalist. He's been lucky enough to bungee jump at Victoria Falls, come inches from a wild polar bear in Manitoba, swim with hammerhead sharks in the Galápagos, traverse glaciers in British Columbia, catch wild trout on dry flies in Montana, and ski powder in Colorado, his home state. His most recent drone video, "Above Boulder," was featured by outlets including USA Today, FREESKIER Magazine, The Weather Channel, and 9NEWS Denver. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/kjellredal



Bio: Former Freediving champion Pepe Arcos is an award-winning multi-talented shooter who specializes in underwater photography and filmmaking. During his underwater shoots, he holds his breath for minutes at a time to in order to capture unique images of ethereal calm.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/pepearcos



Bio: Colorado native Bobby Brown is an innovator in modern skiing. He’s the only skier to win two X Games gold medals in the same year, and he was the first skier to land a triple cork 1440, as well as other variations of the trick. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/bobbybrown



Bio: Johnny is leading the way in the new generation of freeride, big mountain skiers. With his fast, bold style and sense of adventure, Johnny is one of the most energetic and progressive skiers out there. Usually found ripping around his home mountains in Utah, filming in Alaska with TGR or on another steep skiing mission, Johnny is a true explorer all year around, off mountaineering or descending steeps all winter long. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/johncollinson



Bio: Christin Healey is a self-taught landscape and wilderness photographer who currently calls Boulder, Colorado home base. The focus of her photography is to capture the true essence of earth’s awe-inspiring beauty. From the serene to the dramatic, Christin works to incorporate elements of light, shadows, and natural contours into each landscape.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/christinhealey



Bio: Award-winning director Jon ‘JK’ Klaczkiewicz has been producing and directing adventure sports films and branded content for over 15 years, working with production companies including Red Bull Media House, Teton Gravity Research and Brain Farm. He has earned widespread acclaim for numerous films including Jeremy Jones' Further, his cult classic SWIFT.SILENT.DEEP. and The Fourth Phase for Red Bull Media House.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jonklaczkiewicz



Bio: Ambitious hustler born and raised in Texas and now resides in Fort Collins, Colorado. The blending of lifestyle type photography with the push of adventure, are what make up his unique aesthetic. He engages in videography as well, whether it’s in the air or on the ground, capturing the moments in all their glory. He has worked with clients such as Samsung, Infiniti, LG, Budweiser, Danner Boots, Highland Park Whisky, Lander, and several others.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/garrettking



Bio: Born and raised on a cattle ranch in the middle of nowhere Wyoming, Mark Carter is no stranger to hard work. Whether there is snow on the mountains or not, they have always called his name. Known for his fast and powerful style, he’s most comfortable riding big lines for films and navigating complex terrain through the backcountry. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/markcarter



Bio: Brandon is a photographer and videographer by trade with a style of shooting that most would call unconventional. He’s highly influenced by cinema and meaningful storytelling. His approach allows him to capture people and products in a very real state while also giving him the flexibility to add any personal touches he sees fit.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/brandontormanen



Bio: Irene is an adventure photographer based on the west coast. She started rock climbing out of pure joy and picked up a camera soon after. Her focus is to uplift women, BIPOC, and the LGBTQIA2+ communities; choosing to highlight those pushing their own personal limits and finding inspiration in those with passion over muscle.
Link: /irene-yee



Bio: Joss Christensen is a professional skier from Park City, UT. He was the coaches’ discretionary pick for the U.S. men’s ski slopestyle team in Sochi, then made history as the first person ever to win an Olympic gold medal in the event. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/josschristensen



Bio: Kikkan is an Olympic Gold medalist, cancer survivor, and mom. Raised in Alaska from age three, she was a trail blazer for the US Cross Country Ski Team, becoming the first American woman to win a World Cup and Olympic Gold in the sport. She now represents the voices of athletes through the International Olympic Committee, US Olympic & Paralympic Committee and US Ski and Snowboard.
Link: https://inkwell.media/creator/kikkan-randall



Bio: Doug Stoup is the world's leading polar adventurer and has skied to both North and South Poles more than anyone on the planet.  Douglas has lead international scientific expeditions to both poles, including Poletrack.  As the founder and President of both Ice Axe Expeditions and the Ice Axe Foundation he is an educator and continues to push the limits of human endurance leading disabled adventurers in the polar environments while raising monies for charities. He's an explorer, environmentalist, humanitarian father and husband.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/dougstoup



Bio: Chris Brinlee, Jr. is a storyteller. Chris’s adventures have led him around the globe—he’s paddled remote fjords in Greenland, ridden motorcycles through Vietnam, sailed with a crew to Antarctica, and climbed 6,000 meter peaks in Nepal. As a contributor for publications such as Outside, Red Bulletin, IndefinitelyWild, Huckberry, and Gizmodo—his words, photos, and videos have inspired millions.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/chrisbrinleejr



Bio: Adam Moran is a Los Angeles-based lifestyle and sports photographer whose work has been featured worldwide. He spent the last decade traveling the globe documenting the lives of action sports’ best athletes. His photos have graced the covers of over 35 magazines and can be seen in global marketing campaigns.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/adammoran



Bio: Widely recognized for the biggest airs in skiing, Julian Carr has been featured in seven Warren Miller films, developing a reputation not only for big airs, but for all around skiing. He's received a 'Photo of the Year' award from Powder Magazine and holds two world records in cliff height. Julian serves as an ambassador for Protect Our Winters ( POW ) as well as The Climate Reality Project, and he's the founder of Discrete Clothing. Most recently, Julian founded a mountain running series, the Cirque Series, which is in its third season.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/juliancarr



Bio: Vincent Laforet’s unique commercials for well-known brands such as Apple, Nike, and Canon, and his groundbreaking photography for magazines such as National Geographic, Vanity Fair, and Sports Illustrated cover a broad spectrum of subjects and narratives. His work features cutting-edge technologies that make the photographs and films inventive, iconic and unforgettable.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/vincentlaforet



Bio: Montana based filmmaker and photographer Max Lowe was brought up with a knack for wandering. He has been privy to amazing characters and experiences that have influenced and defined his own path as a visual storyteller. These inspirations have allowed him to build a career traveling the world to tell stories for media such as National Geographic, Redbull, and Men's Journal, and brands like Patagonia, Yeti Coolers, Subaru and Travel USA. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/maxlowe



Bio: Steven Kotler is a bestselling author, an award-winning journalist and the cofounder and director of research for the Flow Genome Project. His most recent work, Stealing Fire, was a national bestseller and nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. He is the author of several other books, including the New York Times bestsellers Bold, The Rise of Superman and Abundance and has appeared in over 80 publications, including the New York Times Magazine, The Atlantic, and Forbes. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/stevenkotler



Bio: Growing up in the mountains of Alaska, Brittany developed a passion for adventure early on. Brittany developed a broader sense of global citizenship and a growing responsibility for conservation through the world of production and photography. She organizes, coordinates and manages projects across the globe while feeding her photography addiction. While work is inspiring, being an outdoor athlete and pushing boundaries are equally important.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/brittanymumma



Bio: Over the course of Zak Shelhamer’s career he has shot, edited and directed approximately 400+ videos that have garnered more than 200 Million views, some of those you may have seen while watching the Superbowl or Olympics. On the photography side, Forbes has named him ’#1 Instagram Photographer to follow’ and Huffington Post has given him the title of ‘Best Adventure Traveler’. His passion to tell thought provoking stories through meaningful narrative is apparent, whether that is by way of photography, filmmaking or both.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/zakshelhamer



Bio: Jacob Moon is a self-taught freelance photographer from Bellingham, WA. His curiosity for the natural world has driven him to develop many skills (rock & ice climbing, backpacking, camping in nearly all imaginable conditions, packrafting, backcountry skiing, etc.) that have helped him reach and experience remote places around the world. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jacobmoon



Bio: Gavin grew up in the Sierra Nevada mountains and first began skiing at 18 months before he could even really talk. These days paragliding and speed flying are where Gavin finds solace. Gavin is a 2015 National Geographic “Adventurer of the Year” for a paragliding crossing of the Canadian Rockies with Will Gadd and recently became the first person to traverse the full length of the Alaska Range by foot and paraglider.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/gavinmcclurg



Bio: Mark Landvik hails from Alaska, with big mountains and deep snow in his blood. With starring roles in That's It, That's All and The Art of FLIGHT, he consistently brings powerful riding on-mountain and levity and fun off-mountain. Lando shares his off-hill craftsmanship including custom furniture and art with the world through N-Grained.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/marklandvik



Bio: Torin Yater-Wallace is an American professional skier who is the youngest Winter X Games medalist in history. With style, amplitude, and raw talent, he’s competed in the 2014 and 2018 Winter Olympics and has appeared in numerous ski films. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/torinyaterwallace



Bio: Raised in Puerto Rico, Otto began his career by representing his country on the professional surf tour . But chasing barrels was always his real passion and he left competitive surfing to travel the world in search of more challenging waves. Having a committed approach has given him the opportunity for lots of editorial coverage and a voice to tell the conservation story, as he continues to clock as much tube time as possible.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/ottoflores



Bio: Elisabeth Brentano is a California-based writer and photographer specializing in outdoor, travel and lifestyle content. Her images and words have reached tens of millions all over the globe, and her mission is to inspire others to explore more and protect the planet. Elisabeth is passionate about wildlife conservation, hiking and capturing the beauty of destinations off the beaten path.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/elisabethbrentano



Bio: Zach Doleac was born and bred in the Pacific Northwest, but these days he is living the life of a world-traveling photographer. Capturing photographs began as a passion, evolved into a profession, and manifested as a lifestyle. His images have told stories for Rolling Stone, Men's Journal, Redbull, Columbia Sportswear, Eddie Bauer, Marmot, Brooks Running, Filson, K2 Sports, and Smith Optics.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/zachdoleac



Bio: Anna Pfaff is an alpinist and expedition climber who has a passion for the complexity of alpine, traditional and ice climbing. She has completed multiple expeditions to Antarctica, the Karakorum Range of Pakistan, Himalaya of Tibet, Nepal and India, the Tian Shan of Kyrgyzstan, the vast ranges in South America, which include first ascents and multiple new routes.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/annapfaff



Bio: Jeff Cohen is the track photographer. A Los Angeles based native, he has been attending track and field meets for as long as he can remember. Jeff is internationally recognized as one of the top in the field, for his unique view in capturing the essence of the sport.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jeffcohen



Bio: Photographer Jen Magnuson is a mountain girl born in the city, raised just outside of DC, but escaping to the Blue Ridge as often as possible. Jen is a big fan of viewing life through rectangles, the viewfinder on her Nikon cameras, the windshield of her trust old ‘03 Jeep Wrangler TJ, ski goggles, or cycling goggles. Her guiding principles include: no uncomfortable shoes, adopt (don’t shop), go ahead, chase the falling stars, and the best camera is the one you have with you.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/jenmagnuson



Bio: Ian Fohrman is a Director, Photographer, and Writer comfortable with crossing genres and mediums. As a partner, Director, and photographer with his Denver based agency, The Public Works, he has created commercial work for some of the most recognized brands in the world. As a writer and photographer, Ian has climbed, skied, biked, and explored in far off destinations with world-renowned athletes.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/ianfohrman



Bio: Jared Tadlock is a photographer based out of Colorado who specializes in travel, editorial, and outdoor content. Growing up in the mountains, Jared developed his love for the outdoors through snowboarding, skateboarding, and shooting photos. His competitive drive is evident in his creative process as he's always looking for fresh looks and unique perspectives. 
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/jaredtadlock



Bio: Becca Skinner works as an adventure and conservation photographer and writer. While studying social work and technical writing at the University of Wyoming, Becca Skinner won a National Geographic Young Explorer Grant to document post-tsunami Sumatra, Indonesia. That expedition sparked a trip of 32,000 miles of living out of a car to travel and photograph around the West.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/beccaskinner



Bio: Jossi is a five-time X Games medalist from three disciplines: Big Air, SuperPipe and Slopestyle. In both 2012 and 2013, he competed in all three freestyle ski disciplines at XG Aspen — Slopestyle, SuperPipe and Big Air, proving he’s one of the most versatile skiers on the planet. At the 2014 Winter Olympics, Jossi was the only skier to compete in both slopestyle and halfpipe.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/jossiwells



Bio: Matt “Powder Matt” Mosteller is a Powder Highway-based influencer, lifelong ski bum and outdoor adventurer. His writing has been published in countless major city newspapers, magazines, and outdoor-centric websites. When not escaping Grizzly Bear attacks, running wild rivers in Northern BC, or lost in the Arctic in a mid-winter expedition, Powder Matt, can be found sipping craft coffee in Fernie, BC.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/powdermatt



Bio: HB Mertz is a travel photographer originally based on the East Coast, where he developed a desire to tell stories and create compelling images from the under-appreciated areas of our country and eventually the world. HB specializes in capturing people immersed in the outdoors and expressing their emotions through his images, creating the desire for his audience to step out and do the same.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/hbmertz



Bio: Basil Lynch is an Adventure Automotive Photographer who has been traveling around North America for the last year in his custom Ford F-250 camper named Bruce. Basil's goal with his travels is to find remote 4x4 accessible campsites and surf as many empty waves as possible while creating unique content along the way. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/basillynch



Bio: Sunny is a photographer and world-class mountain athlete. Her award-winning photography is complemented by her extensive expedition and high-angle experience, and outstanding endurance ability.  She holds multiple speed records in the greater ranges including the “360" record on 22,838ft Aconcagua. Sunny is also a competent big wall climber and, as a frequent solo adventurer, used to creating exceptional content in unforgiving environments in a highly nimble fashion.  
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/sunnystroeer



Bio: Founder and Director of Cinematography of Last Breath Film, Perrin James has worked with industry-leading influencers of the travel, adventure, and ocean communities to produce awe-inspiring, creative content. These days Perrin continues to follow his zeal for the ocean sharing his views of the sea, including the mystic waters of his now home on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Link: http://www.inkwell.media/creator/perrinjames



Bio: Dani is an adventure travel photographer and blogger living on the road full time. After the creation of the women's adventure group Mountain Chicks, Dani wanted a space to showcase the world through her lens. This is where she started taking more photos and blogging as Dani The Explorer.  
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/danirodriguez



Bio: Charles Post is an ecologist and filmmaker, co-founder of The Nature Project, Ecology Editor of Modern Huntsman, and a Fellow of the Explorers Club who calls southwest Montana home. Charles leans on the communicative power of filmmaking and storytelling to inspire our next generation of stewards. He is currently working on conservation-themed films and a children’s book with his wife, artist, Rachel Pohl.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/charlespost



Bio: Elise is a lifestyle and adventure travel photographer living in Jackson, WY. Having grown up in the mountains, she is skilled in a number of backcountry sports that allow her to capture unique moments from the wild. Elise's photography focuses on documenting the connections and interactions between humans and the natural world.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/elisesterck



Bio: Erich Roepke is a young adventurer rooted in conservation, social media, and entrepreneurship. Together, he and Stein Retzlaff founded Intrepid- an expedition media company. Their partners include Ice Axe Expeditions, Ice Legacy Project, SeaLegacy, Climbers of Color and the School for International Expedition Training.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/erichroepke



Bio: Tony is an adventure lifestyle photographer who has spent most of his life climbing, skiing, surfing and chasing adventure - after nearly a decade in the industry, he’s established himself as not only a photographer & DP but also a photo journalist. A few of his recent projects include a kayak documentary shot in the rebel territories of Mexico and tracing the Marco Polo Path along the Tajikistan and Afghan border. Tony has worked with numerous clients including Patagonia, Toyota, and Red Bull and has been published in works such as GQ, Nat Geo Adventure, and Outside Magazine.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/tonyczech



Bio: Morgan is a writer, adventurer, and former elite track athlete turned avid trail runner. A lifelong competitive runner, Morgan has raced sprints on the track to ultramarathons in the mountains, yet she prefers using running as a vehicle to explore wild places. She is a freelance adventure writer, public lands activist and author of three books. Morgan is based in the Four Corners region of the Southwest and spends most of the year in the wild, on the road, and traveling while chasing her next story.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/morgansjogren



Bio: Eric Rubens is a Southern California based photographer/videographer specializing in travel, lifestyle, and landscapes. He has worked with clients such as Disney, BMW, Sony, LG, Four Seasons, Mercedes-Benz, American Express, Travel+Leisure, Southwest Airlines, Michelob, Visit Colorado, and many more.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/ericrubens



Bio: Born and raised as a third-culture-kid on the subtropical island of Taiwan, Kamea Chayne is an eco creative and writer, photographer, and the host of Green Dreamer Podcast, which explores our paths to ecological regeneration, intersectional sustainability, and true abundance and wellness for all. Known for her perceptive commentary and nuanced questioning, she's interviewed over 200 environmental thought leaders—including Cristina Mittermeier, Adrian Grenier, Dr. Mustafa Santiago Ali, Harriet A. Washington, Xiuhtezcatl Martinez, Native American 2020 U.S. Presidential Candidate Mark Charles, NYT bestselling authors Rutger Bregman, Dr. Christopher Ryan, and David Quammen, and more. When not reading, learning, or creating content, she can be found in the great outdoors or on organic farms with her campervan and two dogs.
Link: /kamea-chayne-1



Bio: Elliot Hawkey is an adventure/lifestyle photographer based in Portland, Oregon. Born and raised in the PNW, Elliot has been an avid outdoorsman, explorer, and creative since he was a child. Originally a climber, snowboarder, and hiker, his imagery can best be described as combining a passion for wild and seldom traveled places, storytelling, and a love for the outdoors.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/elliothawkey



Bio: Meghan Young is a Seattle-based photographer and writer who's motivated by light and adventure. Her work centers on outdoor adventure, human-powered travel, and the deep connections inspired by wild places in cultures across the globe. She also teaches outdoor skills clinics for PNW Outdoor Women, a community-based group for outdoor adventurists she co-founded in 2015. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/meghanyoung



Bio: Based in San Francisco, Kelsey is a travel and commercial photographer with a passion for capturing the feeling of adventure. A storyteller at heart, she specializes in photographing the interaction between people and the outdoors. Her previous photographic exploits include: spelunking through underground rivers in New Zealand, hiking Norwegian cliffs at sunrise, living out of a camper van across the Southwest, and getting soaked under Icelandic waterfalls.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/kelseyjohnson



Bio: Michael Sidofsky is a professional commercial/travel photographer from Toronto, Canada. Being an avid traveler and photography enthusiast, his goal is to capture the essence of a destination through the use of advanced techniques in photography and post-processing. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/michaelsidofsky



Bio: Stephen is a self-taught, Jackson, Wyoming based landscape and ski photographer. As an interest that initially developed on the snow, photography has evolved into a passion that has taken him on numerous explorative journeys across North America and Europe, resulting in a robust portfolio and clients including The North Face, Telluride Ski Resort, FREESKIER Magazine, Visit Colorado, Frontier Airlines, and the United Nations Foundation.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/stephenshelesky



Bio: A talented self-taught photographer, Ray spends his days exploring New York City, capturing incredible urban landscapes and street scenes. His photography is reminiscent of a movie, showcasing the faces of the city as well as the architectural excellence in a mysterious and dream-like state. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/rayhmercado



Bio: Tessa and Dillon are an Alaskan couple that restored and drove their 1975 VW bus from Alaska to Argentina and back. After years on the road, they are currently based in Alaska as they pursue outdoor adventure and vanlife in the last frontier. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/thebusandus



Bio: Born and raised in Pittsburgh, PA, Tom Wallisch has progressed to one of the top Freeski slopestyle athletes in the world, winning multiple X Games Gold Medals and Dew Tour events, as well as the World Championship Gold. He also holds a Guinness World Record for the longest rail slide ever done on skis. Tom has since left competitive skiing to focus on producing his own ski films with Good Company Ski.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/tomwallisch



Bio: An accomplished traveler, explorer and photographer, Tom works tirelessly to capture the magic of our natural world. Specializing in outdoor, travel, adventure, and lifestyle subjects, Tom creates powerful images that are punctuated by wild landscapes. His drive and experience have allowed him opportunities to work on global campaigns, speak in front of hundreds of people, influence product development, educate, and connect with amazing people.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/tomkingsford



Bio: Colin Finlay is one of the world’s foremost documentary photographers. His photographs have been featured in countless publications and collections, including Los Angeles Times Magazine and the J. Paul Getty Museum. He has been awarded the prestigious Picture of the Year International six times and has published two books.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/colinfinlay



Bio: An acclaimed endurance athlete, Dean Karnazes has pushed his body and mind to inconceivable limits. Among his many accomplishments, he’s run across the Sahara in 120-degree temperatures, and he’s run a marathon to the South Pole in negative 40-degrees. In 2006, Dean ran 50 marathons, in all 50 U.S. states, in 50 consecutive days. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/deankarnazes



Bio: Pushing the limits of what is possible on a snowboard, Victor De Le Rue continues to defy gravity any way he can. Victor is consistently voted one of the top snowboarders of the year by Snowboard magazine and in 2019 won the Freeride World Tour.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/victordelerue



Bio: Errin Casano is an adventure and lifestyle photographer based in Vancouver, Canada. Her passion for travel and adventure was sparked by her first backpacking experience through Central America. Since then she has been consistently on the move. She has worked with brands such as Eddie Bauer, Coleman, Backcountry.com, and Toyota Canada. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/errincasano



Bio: Stein Retzlaff is a young adventurer rooted in conservation, social media, and entrepreneurship. Together, he and Erich Roepke founded Intrepid- an expedition media company dedicated to creating exciting media campaigns around expeditions. Their partners include Ice Axe Expeditions, Ice Legacy Project, SeaLegacy, Climbers of Color and the School for International Expedition Training.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/steinretzlaff



Bio: Charly Savely is a professional photographer and visual storytelling creative. She combines her thirst for adventure with her love for photography to capture unique personal experiences. She specializes in lifestyle, adventure, and travel photography but finds most of her inspiration while immersed in backcountry landscapes. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/charlysavely



Bio: John Wingfield is a self-taught photographer and social media influencer based in the Pacific Northwest. His passion for nature and the outdoors has inspired him to specialize in creating viral content that encourages others to live adventurously. He is experienced in partnering with large brands to create advertising content and social media marketing campaigns. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/johnwingfield



Bio: In 2011, after serving in two war zones as a Navy SEAL, Josh decided to leave the military. It was time to get back to his roots in snowboarding. Josh's obsession with the mountains is fueled by the friends he lost in combat. His dedication to live for them has pushed Josh to become the first and only person to climb and ski/ride all 54 of Colorado's 14,000' peaks in a single ski season, and co-found Mission Memorial Day. Josh is also very involved with Protect Our Winters, and is making an effort to create more advocates for the outdoors with his Journey Lines project.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/joshjespersen



Bio: Born in Minnesota, Stephanie developed a great love for playing in the outdoors at an early age. She currently resides in Bend, where she spends most of the time on trails with her dogs. Stephanie owns a nutrition business centered on healthy, sustainable nutrition for performance and health. She runs competitively in trail and ultra events, and has won races including Western States 100 and Lake Sonoma 50, amongst podiums at many other competitive ultra races. Stephanie loves running in the mountains and as an active member of Protect Our Winters, takes her love of the outdoors into policy.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/stephaniehowe



Bio: Andy Stumpf is a sponsored skydiver and BASE jumper who has set two World Records after jumping from 36,500 feet and flying over 18 miles in a wingsuit in an effort to raise 1 Million Dollars for the Navy SEAL Foundation. After a 17-year career in the Navy and hundreds of combat operations throughout the world, he retired in 2013 with over a dozen awards and decorations in order to fight for the SEAL community from home.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/andystumpf



Bio: Tim Manning has lived action sports for over three decades. Starting during the early days of snowboarding, Tim has continuously documented the most iconic in the sport. A world traveler and multimedia enthusiast, his ability to document stories of adventure and adversity have an upbeat humorous touch that triggers personalities unlike any other. Tim’s films and videography have appeared on numerous networks including ABC World Of X, NBC, Red Bull Media House, Outside Television, and ESPN. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/timmanning



Bio: Mark McInnis is a roaming photographer rooted in America’s Pacific Northwest. In 2016, Red Bull chose Mark as the first featured photographer in their new documentary series, Chasing the Shot, and his work has been featured in Surfing, The Surfer’s Journal, Surfer, Later, Monster Children, Outside Magazine, Stab and many other print and online publications.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/markmcinnis



Bio: Climber and endurance athlete, Quinn Brett sought to ascend and traverse nooks and crannies of the world, reveling in the freedom of movement across incredible landscape. Her accomplishments are varied; first ascents, speed ascents, summit handstands, public lands advocacy, National Park technical rescuer, educator and yoga-climbing retreat owner. October 2017, she took a 100 foot fall climbing in Yosemite causing paralysis below the waist. Quinn still advocates for public lands and now spinal cord research through writing, speaking and as an athlete.  
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/quinnbrett



Bio: Peter Ely lives and breathes kayaking. He chases the dream of perfect lines, waterfalls and the challenge that comes with ability to navigate a new river. Peter’s passion for adventure has taken him all over the United States, from North Carolina, the PNW and finally White Salmon, WA where he calls home.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/peterely



Bio: Josh Huckaby is a professional photographer, alpinist and waterman based in Bishop, California. He has ridden motorcycles across Indo searching for undiscovered waves, spent over a decade as a 100 ton USCG capitan and summited Cerro Torre and Fitz Roy. Recently, Josh worked on the Oscar winning documentary “FreeSolo” for Jimmy Chin and Nat Geo rigging high angle terrain for the film. His passion for adventure travel and storytelling are the driving forces behind this Jack of All Trades, both on location and off the edge of the map.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/joshhuckaby



Bio: Jo Savage, California and Utah based photographer and writer, specializes in outdoor adventure, travel and lifestyle content. She uncovers the layers of untold stories within the surf, skate and mountain communities around the world. Her work uplifts women and BIPOC communities globally. She hopes to inspire others to explore and protect the outdoors.
Link: /jo-savage



Bio: With one of the longest careers in professional snowboarding and ranked number 1 in the world at one point, Jussi is known for pushing the limits. An Olympian with 7 X- Games medals and multiple award-winning video parts, he has always been at home outside of four walls. Nothing has changed since he retired from the sport, and he now finds his thrills on a bike and hiking the mountains he knows so well. Always a photographer, he now works full time capturing the true essence of brands in the environments that inspire people to join their journeys. His experience building his company Mizu (www.mizulife.com) from the ground up gave him an insider's perspective of a brand's needs that most photographers don't see.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/jussioksanen



Bio: Luke Webster is a commercial and editorial photographer and experienced film producer. Raised in Kathmandu in the heart of the Himalayas, Luke has a vision for telling compelling human stories in the context of big mountains and wild landscapes. He is most well known for his ability to capture extremes athletes and adventurers in action, working to capture stories in hard to reach locations.
Link: http://inkwell.media/luke-webster



Bio: Halle is an Adventure Photographer, and Creative Director based in Colorado. In addition to Adventure and Lifestyle Photography, Halle is also passionate about Marketing and Event Production, bringing humans together for positive shared experiences.  She believes that vulnerability in storytelling is the greatest catalyst to human connection, and hopes to continue preserving stories as the most powerful tools we have for creating hope and change.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/hallemadeleine



Bio: Morgan Oliver-Allen is a seasoned photographer, videographer, and athlete, but his self-given title is ‘professional fun-haver and visual storyteller’. From adventuring through Costa Rican Mountain range to catching barrels in Panama to speaking elephant in Bali, Morgan has become a true modern day explorer, all while working for powerhouses like Red Bull and GoPro. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/morganoliverallen



Bio: Ian Coble is an award winning sports and lifestyle photographer. An outdoorsman, skier, waterman, and fitness addict (not to mention father and husband), he has built a career spanning two decades around the sports and lifestyle he loves. Some of his notable clients include Amazon, Forbes, Helly Hansen, REI, Red Bull and Nikon. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/iancoble



Bio: Emmie Sperandeo is a multi-faceted woman bridging the worlds of creative content, ranching, and tech. She lives in her RV full-time and travels to ranches across the country to work, document, and learn the land. Emmie specializes in creating western & travel inspired content for companies looking to shake up their marketing with bold and meaningful visual stories. She is best known for her ability to deliver an impactful message through short-form videos or photos.
Link: https://inkwell.media/emmie-sperandeo



Bio: Adrien grew up pursuing his dream of becoming a professional road cyclist. After living and racing in Europe, he quickly found the mountains' calling, but a mountain accident in 2018 resulted in the amputation of his right leg above the knee. Since then, Adrien has grounded his recovery in becoming the smartest, strongest, and most versatile climber he can be, seeking to redefine what is possible for folks with physical limitations. When not climbing, Adrien runs a tutoring and extracurricular service providing holistic education for K-12 students, and is passionate about advocating for the stewardship of outdoor venues. 
Link: https://inkwell.media/adrien-costa



Bio: Justin Scudney is a Denver-based lifestyle and landscape photographer, with a love for this beautiful place we call earth. Photography is a way for him to express himself, to capture and share the beauty of the world.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/justinscudney



Bio: Cody Reed has been running in one form or another for most of his life. He has a number of top finishes including being the 2016 USATF 50k national champion, 2016 UROC 100k winner, first place at the 2017 Way Too Cool 50k, and 7th place at the 2018 Western States 100 miler. Cody is a full time runner and also has his own coaching business.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/codyreed



Bio: After accomplishing his goal to compete in slope-style skiing professionally, Chris Benchetler quickly realized that chasing his true passion, powder and creativity, were more important. Caring more about how a ski turns and glides through the snow led Chris into designing and developing his own pro model ski with Atomic; The Bent Chetler. His most recent design work includes a collaboration with The Grateful Dead.  Chris has appeared in countless films produced by companies like Warren Miller, Teton Gravity Research, and Nimbus Independent Productions (a production company that he helped start).
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/chrisbenchetler



Bio: Always in search of their next big outdoor adventure, the McEvoy family hails from Idaho and loves nothing more than showing their kids this beautiful Earth and inspiring others to get outside and explore. Camping, backpacking, skiing, paddle-boarding, and hiking are just a few things they love to do! The McEvoys have partnered with brands such as HydroFlask, OtterBox, Deuter, and YETI as well as many well-known tourism boards and destinations all across the world. 
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/themcevoys



Bio: Brian Chorski is a photographer and film director based in San Francisco, California. Years of industry experience have empowered him to create images and videos to help companies establish a closer connection with their customers. He's best known for creating natural-looking images in beautiful scenes, allowing his subjects to just "be”.
Link: /brian-chorski



Bio: Kyle lives in Boulder, Colorado where he takes full advantage of the local terrain. Best known for moving light and fast in the mountains and for huge link ups, Kyle can also be found roping up and bouldering. A true 4-season Athlete with the love of self-powered missions. Kyle feels the most at home when he is outside pushing his body to its limits. He draws his inspiration from the landscape and uses this to push himself physically, mentally, and emotionally. The mountains bring his spirit alive.
Link: http://inkwell.media/creator/kylerichardson



Bio: Lea Davison is an American cross-country mountain biker from Jericho, Vermont. After graduating from Middlebury College, Lea joined the Trek Volkswagen Pro Factory Team where she raced with a cadre of legendary teammates. A standout competitor on the biggest stages, Lea is a medalist in two Olympic games and holds two World Championships titles. Additionally, she has co-founded Little Bellas, a nonprofit, all-girls mentoring mountain bike program with her sister.
Link: /lea-davison


